Mention that Locales and Translations section is specific to glibc (#822)
void-linux/void-docs: src/config/locales.md

# Locales and Translations

> `glibc` supports setting the system locale whereas `musl` does not, both support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`glibc` supports setting the system locale whereas `musl` does not; both support
```
nit

# Locales and Translations

> You can use the following command, which is specific to `glibc` installations of
> Void (given that `musl` does not support locales), to see a list of currently
> enabled locales:

Reviewer: personally, I think this is better as an introductory sentence/paragraph, so something like this

```suggestion
glibc supports setting the system locale, while musl does not. Both support setting the language for applications.

## Listing locales

For a list of currently enabled locales, run:
```

Author: I like that too, fixed.

> ## Setting the system locale

Reviewer: this heading is inaccurate, it's for setting the system *language*

Author: Fixed.

`/etc/default/libc-locales` and [force-reconfigure](../xbps/index.md) the
`glibc-locales` package.

## Setting the system language

Set `LANG=xxxx` in `/etc/locale.conf`, this applies to `glibc` and `musl`

> although it's not required by the latter.

Reviewer: it is required for glibc, if you want the language to change for most applications

Author: I never said it wasn't though, did you mean to say musl instead of glibc?

Reviewer: i read latter as former, but `LANG` is required for setting the system language on both libcs

Author: I do that too sometimes, I'll remove that part altogether.

Author: Okay, done.
